natas0: To solve this challenge, the only thing needed is that you go into developer tools on the website (or click view page source), at which point you will find the password in an html comment

natas1: this challenge was solved the same way as the last one, it seems they expected the use of right click and view page source on the last one, not dev tools. I just used dev tools to get the password which was in a comment like before

natas2: There was nothing on the page for natas2. Taking a look at the html code, we see that next to the text, there's an image tag with source "files/pixel.png". We can see that this is a relative path, implying that the webpage includes a files directory. When I appended "/files" to the url, I got a list of available files which included "users.txt" with the username and password for the next level.

natas3: In this challenge, when I opened up the HTML to where the previous challenge had the image tag, there was a comment "No more information leaks!! Not even Google will find it this time...". Mentioning Google not finding it made me think to check "robots.txt", which is where pages/paths are shown that they don't want crawlers to go to. I appended "/robotx.txt" to the end of the url and I found that "/s3cr3t/" path was disallowed for crawlers. I went to it and found a "users.txt" file where the password to the next level was stored.

natas4: For this challenge, the text shows who the referrer is and tells us that only natas5 referrers are allowed to access the content, and a refresh page button is given. Initialy the current referrer is blank, but upon page refresh, it populates to be the natas4 url. This gave me the hint to check the network tab in the dev tools. I see the request to index.php for natas4 in there, and when I expand to see the request headers, I see the referer field. I click on "resend" which gives the options to send a new request. A referer field is already populated and I can't change that, but I can add another header after the already populated ones. I add "Referer" with the url for natas5 there, and clicked send. The response was the page showed "Access granted" and gave the password for natas5.  

natas5: This challenge was fairly simple. When first accessing the page, it says "Access disallowed. You are not logged in". This indicated there was some authentication component or something within the web request that indicated login status. I went to developer tools, looked at the network tab, refreshed the page, and saw that the 'Cookie' header had a 'loggedin' variable set to 0. I added a header named 'Cookie' that had 'loggedin=1', which returned a password as a response. 

natas6:
